the expedition ntn24 continues its
tour of chile of the america cup
2015 that starts next June 11
Today we are in the city of Antofagasta
we greet our special envoy
andrea jaramillo who has information
about this ninth day of travel a good
day for you andrea
Hello, good morning, everyone starts
the ninth day of the ntn24 tour through
chile and at this time we greet you
again from Antofagasta what
comes the bottom this beauty is not a
postcard is not a picture is the monument
national cover ocean work
peaceful here they have to come and
take a picture because it will surely be
the best of all your trip but for that
can appreciate this beautiful paradise
here a short video of antofagasta
something that catches a lot of attention in
this city is the gramado of the stadium
bald regional and bascu침치n because it is in
perfect conditions
this will host the America Cup there
will measure Uruguay and Paraguay against
jamaica then behind this gramado
perfect and green cited is a
Colombian
the bald regional stadium is ready and
bascu침치n de antofagasta so that
start the freckles dance
and
it is important to receive the American Cup and
that here in Antofagasta was not celebrated
an international tournament since the year 87
from its stands more than 21,000
spectators will have the opportunity to
see the best choreographies of
argentina uruguay paraguay and jamaica well
that for antofagasta receive the cup
america and be the northernmost headquarters of
Chile- of a privilege that many people
you have not had the opportunity of these
meetings for that has been arranged the
best of the mats supervised by a
expert
of Colombian coffee grower there is a municipality
that calls the sanctuary laughter all the
life has been the field and I like the
field in fact I arrived here and I arrived
looking for fields but if it's something
different and I came here and I found
Well, it touched me in the stadium that
anyone does not pass this the fruits of
the crops are reflected in the
recognition and invitation to
Fortunately, I'm going to play here
because he must be here near the
players all under the look
careful of a Colombian open the
doors of antofagasta to the maximum event
football of the continent
It has been very curious that it has happened to
all the expedition team did not
only here in Antofagasta but in
all the cities that we have visited
before, when we say we are
Colombians, people look at us
weird and we already discovered why it's because
we need the tumbao and the swing
characteristic of the people of the Pacific '
from Colombia they have reached this
country to put your special touch
to see the expedition team
some Chileans are terrified by a
reason and they are the first Colombians that
white that I see
less and less but there are those who
believe that Colombia is a country with a
only skin color
and they only agree wounded wrong I
I always tell them in Colombia the majority
of the people are white indeed my
mom is white pretty white what
they think because north of Chile the
Colombians from the Pacific were the
first to emigrate and in quantity until
become the first force of
austral worker
why the Chileans that of Colombia
Little did they know they got the wrong idea
of the country because most of the
that can more than all blacks the
black the one that stands out the most everywhere
why and although in Chile there
Colombians from all regions
the black race predominates
buenaventura huapi guides you to the
violence and poverty most
as the adventure is better the thing here
that's why the desert is a paradise that
even a child 10 years and can
describe colombia
you steal everything from that are perhaps
one is stolen almost in addition to tranquility
Chile gives them work and prosperity
that we have two we have bought
television computer
how the voice of a better life was spread
more and more came
so much that the works belong to
them and in the schools of the region
there is an average of 15 percent of
Colombian students that for a minor
Chilean are also easy to
identify because it goes against the
official story
this time the blacks are the
conquerors of lands or of what
you want to imagine
that's why, for greenish crowd there are those
they are surprised to know the truth
I had seen white Colombian that yes there
or they are told that they were not so
away from reality because although in
colombia and white blacks or mestizos
we all wear the same piece
that is all the information by the
moment but this afternoon we see ourselves with
more details of this tour from
here and antofagasta for now we go back to
our international news center
chau andreas have a nice day since
antofagasta